<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Task_AddMoveRemoveMediaGallery">
    <title>Canvas: Add, Move, or Remove the Media Gallery</title>
    <shortdesc>This page informs users how to add, move, or remove the media gallery in
        canvas.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Audience: Canvas course teachers, designers, and teaching assistants (TAs)</p>
            <p>As part of <xref
                    href="https://it.umn.edu/services-technologies/self-help-guides/canvas-integrate-media-using-kaltura"
                    format="html" scope="external">Kaltura in Canvas</xref>, the Media Gallery is a
                tool to publish, view, and search media (video and audio recordings) in Kaltura.
                Only people enrolled in a particular Canvas course have access to that course's
                Media Gallery. </p>
            <p>Course teachers,designers, and TAs: use the steps below to add, move, or remove the
                Media Gallery in your Canvas course. </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in to <xref href="http://canvas.umn.edu/" format="html" scope="external"
                        >Canvas</xref> and go to your course.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Settings</b> from the course navigation menu.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Navigation</b> tab.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate <b>Media Gallery </b>on the page, then:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                        <cmd>To add or move the Media Gallery: Select the <b>Media Gallery bar
                            </b>and drag it to where you would like it to appear in the course
                            navigation menu, under the section labeled <b>Drag and drop items to
                                reorder them in the course navigation.</b></cmd>
                    </substep>
                        <substep>
                        <cmd>To remove the Media Gallery: Select the <b>Media Gallery bar</b> and
                            drag it down to be under the section labeled <b>Drag items here to hide
                                them from students.</b></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Save</b> at the bottom of the page.</cmd>
                <info>Your settings will take effect for everyone who has access to the
                    course.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
